docs/resources/kubernetes_cluster_v1.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1 Resource - cloudferro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1" "cluster" {
  control_plane = {
    flavor = "eo2a.2xlarge"
    size   = 5
  }
  name    = "my cluster"
  version = "1.30.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `version` (String) Kubernetes version.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the cluster.
- `kubeconfig` (String, Sensitive) Cluster kubeconfig. Should be used with kubectl to interact with the cluster.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Cluster metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) Machine flavor to use for control plane.
- `size` (Number) Size of the control plane.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `openstack_project_id` (String) Id of the underlying OpenStack project where the cluster is created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1.example cluster_id
```

Commit message:

change how region is handled
- add router_ip to cluster output
- make labels, taints and shared_networks optional

docs/resources/kubernetes_cluster_v1.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1 Resource - cloudferro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1" "cluster" {
  control_plane = {
    flavor = "eo2a.2xlarge"
    size   = 5
  }
  name    = "my cluster"
  version = "1.30.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_plane))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `version` (String) Kubernetes version.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the cluster.
- `kubeconfig` (String, Sensitive) Cluster kubeconfig. Should be used with kubectl to interact with the cluster.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Cluster metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `router_ip` (String) Address of the cluster gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) Machine flavor to use for control plane.
- `size` (Number) Size of the control plane.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `openstack_project_id` (String) Id of the underlying OpenStack project where the cluster is created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import cloudferro_kubernetes_cluster_v1.example cluster_id
```
